#999 Clarify support and stipulations for use of firewall in documentation (#1292)
rancher/rancher-docs: docs/how-to-guides/advanced-user-guides/open-ports-with-firewalld.md

  <link rel="canonical" href="https://ranchermanager.docs.rancher.com/how-to-guides/advanced-user-guides/open-ports-with-firewalld"/>
</head>

:::danger

Enabling firewalld can cause serious network communication problems. 

> For proper network functioning, firewalld must be disabled on systems runninmg RKE2. [Firewalld conflicts with Canal](https://docs.rke2.io/known_issues?_highlight=firewalld#firewalld-conflicts-with-default-networking), RKE2's default networking stack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For proper network function, firewalld must be disabled on systems running RKE2. [Firewalld conflicts with Canal](https://docs.rke2.io/known_issues?_highlight=firewalld#firewalld-conflicts-with-default-networking), RKE2's default networking stack.
```
